Document Instructions how to install kyma@v3 binary (#2162)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

Kyma CLI is a command line tool which supports [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) users.

## Install 

> [!WARNING]
> `v3` is still at prototyping stage. All comands are still considered alpha - use it at you own risk.

Download latest built from main branch from [v0.0.0-dev](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/tag/v0.0.0-dev) release assets.

If you want to run kyma CLI on MacOS you can run the following script from the project's root folder:
```sh

>  hack/get-kyma-v3-alpha.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ./hack/get-kyma-v3-alpha.sh
```

Kyma CLI is a command line tool which supports [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) users.

## Install 

> [!WARNING]

> > `v3` is still at prototyping stage. All comands are still considered alpha - use it at you own risk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `v3` is still in the prototyping stage. All commands are still considered alpha - use it at your own risk.
```

> Download latest built from main branch from [v0.0.0-dev](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/tag/v0.0.0-dev) release assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Download the latest build from the main branch from [v0.0.0-dev](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/tag/v0.0.0-dev) release assets.
```

> If you want to run kyma CLI on MacOS you can run the following script from the project's root folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Kyma CLI on MacOS, run the following script from the project's root folder:
```

```sh
 ./hack/get-kyma-v3-alpha.sh
```

> The script above will download a Linux/MacOS variant of kyma CLI v3 binary into `bin/kyma@v3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script downloads a Linux/MacOS variant of Kyma CLI v3 binary into `bin/kyma@v3`.
```

> Inspect new available alpha commands by calling `--help` option: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inspect the new available alpha commands by calling the `--help` option: 
```

```sh

>  bin/kyma@v3 alpha  --help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ./bin/kyma@v3 alpha  --help
```

```
docker pull kennethreitz/httpbin

> kyma@v3 alpha image-import kennethreitz/httpbin:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./bin/kyma@v3 alpha image-import kennethreitz/httpbin:latest
```
